3.2.  Structure of the PPP

   This section describes the basic model of PPP used in developing the
   PPP MIB. This information should be useful to the implementor in
   understanding some of the basic design decisions of the MIB.

   The PPP is not one single protocol but a large family of protocols.
   Each of these is, in itself, a fairly complex protocol.  The PPP
   protocols may be divided into three rough categories:

   Control Protocols
      The Control Protocols are used to control the operation of the
      PPP. The Control Protocols include the Link Control Protocol
      (LCP), the Password Authentication Protocol (PAP), the Link
      Quality Report (LQR), and the Challenge Handshake Authentication
      Protocol (CHAP).

   Network Protocols
      The Network Protocols are used to move the network traffic over
      the PPP interface.  A Network Protocol encapsulates the datagrams
      of a specific higher-layer protocol that is using the PPP as a
      data link.  Note that within the context of PPP, the term "Network
      Protocol" does not imply an OSI Layer-3 protocol; for instance,
      there is a Bridging network protocol.

   Network Control Protocols (NCPs)
      The NCPs are used to control the operation of the Network
      Protocols. Generally, each Network Protocol has its own Network
      Control Protocol; thus, the IP Network Protocol has its IP Control
      Protocol, the Bridging Network Protocol has its Bridging Network
      Control Protocol and so on.

   This document specifies the objects used in managing one of these
   protocols, namely the IP Network Control Protocol.

3.3.  MIB Groups

   Objects in this MIB are arranged into several MIB groups.  Each group
   is organized as a set of related objects.

   These groups are the basic unit of conformance: if the semantics of a
   group are applicable to an implementation then all objects in the
   group must be implemented.

   The PPP MIB is organized into several MIB Groups, including, but not
   limited to, the following groups:

          o The PPP Link Group
          o The PPP LQR Group
          o The PPP LQR Extensions Group
          o The PPP IP Group
          o The PPP Bridge Group
          o The PPP Security Group

   This document specifies the following group:

   The PPP IP Group
      The PPP IP Group contains configuration, status, and control
      variables that apply to the operation of IP over PPP.

      Implementation of this group is mandatory for all implementations
      of PPP that support IP over PPP.
